Add CMS chart (#3060)
kyma-project/kyma: resources/cms/charts/cms-controller-manager/README.md

# CMS Controller Manager

## Overview

> The CMS Controller Manager manages the creation content represented by DocsTopic and ClusterDocsTopic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CMS Controller Manager creates a Asset CR and a ClusterAsset CR based on the content delivered in DocsTopic and ClusterDocsTopic CRs.
```
